[IOPLT-717] Add listTrial to CosmosDB and http layer (#244)
pagopa/trial-system: .changeset/grumpy-singers-fry.md

---
"functions-subscription": minor
---

> [IOPLT-746] CosmosDB Trials adapter

Reviewer: issue: this does not represent entirely the changes

> [IOPLT-746] Add listTrial to CosmosDB and http layer

Reviewer: **suggestion**

```suggestion
[IOPLT-746] Create endpoint to get the trial list
```

what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Updated in acbf3bec67503f6c37e36a4fa82d031c2b8e84ec

---
"functions-subscription": minor

> "@infra/resources": minor

Reviewer 2: Resolved in eb231c5931bdcc59adfb28aca7e7996a0b4bb5cd
